All right guys so in the last video we did the header the nav bar basically the landing part of the
website on the index page.
Now we're going to continue with the index page.
And I also have a tab with the finished product just to see what we're gonna be getting at.
Now the way I'm going to format this is each page is going to have sections so the sections I'm going
to give an idea of the page name and then A B C D and so on.
And the reason for that is you might end up changing the content so I don't want to call this like section
specialize or something like that.
I'm going to call this section home a k.
This will be home B.
This will be home C and then this will be the footer K on the about page will have about a about B about
C and so on.
So let's go ahead and move on to this right here.
This specialize in part so I'm going to jump in to index each team out and let's go ahead and put a
comment in here and we'll just say section A and we can put what it is in the comment that's always
easy to change so we'll do specialize so let's do section with an I.D. of s..
I'm sorry not section home because we want to because we don't have Section A on the home page and then
Section A on the about page.
So we're going to do home a And let's also
yeah let's do this now so I'm going to give this a couple utility classes now we already have a text
center utility class because I want everything centered.
I'm also going to create some padding classes as we've done before I want P Y meaning padding on the
top and bottom two.
So well we'll at we'll create that class later on.
But let's just finish the markup for now.
So pretty much every section is gonna have a container.
Want to move everything to the middle.
Let's do an H two and we'll gonna have a class of Section dash title and we'll say I specialize in and
underneath the H two we're gonna just have a class of bottom dash line.
OK.
And just to show you what that's going to look like it's gonna be this right here.
So we can use that around the site under the bottom line.
Let's do a paragraph with the class of lead.
And in here we're gonna say.
So you're saying I specialize in in the most say
photography as well as creating digital masterpieces.
I might misspell some stuff here guys but I really don't care.
So in UI UX layouts for Web sites for Web sites and mobile applications.
OK we'll be a bit more descriptive than some of our other projects where we just use just alarm Epsom
so underneath the paragraph we're gonna have a class of specials and inside here we're gonna have some
divs and we're gonna be using the grid for this as well.
So each div is gonna have an icon.
So let's put an icon here.
Let's do F.A. s and then we want a class of F A Dash file dash all.
That's the icon we want to use.
And then if we want to make an icon bigger font awesome have has classes for that we're gonna do F.A.
dash to X so that's our icon.
Then we're gonna put an H three and this is gonna be concept ing and then a paragraph and I believe
I did Lord when he should be right.
And then what we'll do is just copy this whole div and we want for these.
So we've got one two three four.
OK.
And then I'm just going to change the second one here.
Let's do instead of this file all let's do F.A. dash desktop and the heading is gonna be UI dash UX.
And then this third one here will be a dash object dash on group.
These are just icons I found on font awesome.
And then this is gonna be visual design.
And then this last one here is gonna be thumbs up so thumbs dash up and the heading for this is gonna
be interaction.
OK.
So that is Section A and if we take a look at it our version it looks like this which looks pretty crappy
so we're gonna add the CSX for this.
So let's jump into the s code and before I start with this specific styles here let's go to our utilities
and let's add in let's create our padding classes.
All right.
So for padding I want to have padding on the top and bottom.
So we're going to use the P Y so we can actually just do class P Y and then for each one we can do like
Ampersand dash one which will be p y dash one.
And I'm going to set the padding to what's to one room top and bottom zero room left and right.
OK.
And then we can just basically just copy this down.
Let's do four of them.
So one two three and four second one will be two.
Yeah we'll do two to three room four.
All right.
So if I save that and we take a look we should have some padding here.
Let's check it out.
Looks like we do.
Well let's make sure.
So yeah we can see the padding when the green and if and if you guys want to extend it a little more
if you want these P three instead anything like that.
Feel free to do that.
Now while we're at it we might as well add some margin classes like this.
And I mean if you want to put it all on one line like if you want to do that to clean it up you might.
You can do that.
But if you use pretty air and you save by default it's going to format it like this just to let you
know.
So it's do margin.
This will be m y and then we're just going to change these four to margin okay.
So that should be good.
Let's save that.
And now let's go back to our main file because now we want to target the actual home a I d.
All right.
So for the home styles let's put a comment in here.
Let's just say home sections OK so we have a D home and let's do Ampersand dash a which will target
home dash a.
Now I'm going to target these specials class.
And like I said I want to use the grid I'm actually going to add a little bit of margin to the top though
so let's do margin top.
We'll do three ram and let's do display grid.
OK we're going to add a grid gap of one room and let's do our grid column.
So grid dash grid dash template columns.
And I'm just going to do a repeat and let's say repeat four times one fraction case will have four even
columns and then the icon.
I actually want to make the main color so inside specials we're going to grab the class of FAA.
What is it.
FAA yes because each icon has a class of FAA so let's grab on to that and let's set the color to the
main color.
All right.
And then I'm just gonna add a padding bottom of zero point for RAM.
So let's take a look at that and that looks pretty good.
OK so we set this.
This is the div with the class of specials.
We set that to be a grid and we set template columns of repeat for 1 f fa so they're all even and then
we have a grid gap of 1 RAM in between.
And we change the icon colors so let's move on to the.
Section B which is this part here.
So jump back into our index each team L and go under the last section here and let's put a comment we'll
say Section B which is basically stats.
So the awards and stuff like that so we're gonna do section with the class of home Dash.
B Let's do some utility classes so tech center and let's let's also do P Y too so padding on the top
and bottom and then I'm going to have a class of stats.
We're also going to use the grid here and let's do a div OK so each div is going to have a well and
the first list item here is gonna be an icon.
So let's do an I I tag with the class of FAA s and I'm going to do F A Dash users OK.
And then let's do an ally with a class of stats dash title and I'm going to do clients and then let's
do an ally with a class of stats dash No.
And I'm gonna say 100 all right.
And then I'm just gonna copy this div and we're gonna have for these as well so two three four save.
And then let's go and change the second one from starting with the icon.
We're gonna do FAA award.
One thing I forgot is I want to make these icons bigger so we want to add FAA dash 3 x for all of these.
So let's just do that.
OK.
And then we have FAA award changes to awards and let's say that this user or this developer has three
awards.
OK next one is gonna be ours worked so FAA dash our glass dash start say hours worked and let's do thirty
five hundred.
It's just a random number I don't know if that's a lot or a little or what.
And then this icon here is gonna be FAA dash code dash branch and you can find all these in the font
awesome Web site and then this is gonna be projects completed and let's do one thirty five.
OK.
So we'll save that lawsuit it looks like without CSF so looks absolutely horrible.
So now let's go back to main dot SPSS and now we're gonna deal with with the Section B.
So just like we did here.
So this ends right here.
We're gonna do Ampersand dash B and if you want to put comments here Home section B go up here and a
home section A.
So I mean you know certain people might like this way of doing it and you might not but it's it's all
preference I just I'm just giving you guys the option.
So let's take the stats that are in Section B class of stats and let's display a grid and let's do our
grid dash template dash columns and say repeat for one FDR and you could even create functions if you're
seeing the same type of patterns.
You could even you know shorten this up a little more create functions extend styles things like that.
So do you want to make this new this project even better.
I invite you to do that.
So let's take the list items and I'm going to do a line height of two for each list item.
All right.
And then remember some of the list items have class names such as stats titles so going to take this
the list item with the class of stats dash title.
And let's set the font size to one point five REM.
And then we also have stats number.
So let's say the list item with the class of stats
dash number
and let's set the font size here to to ram and let's set the font weight to bold.
OK.
Now if we save that and we take a look this is what it looks like.
Oh you know what I think I forgot the container.
Actually no we don't want a container.
If we look at this.
Yeah.
We don't want this bound inside the container.
That's right.
It'll look better once we add the colors in the background.
Now for the colors we're gonna use.
And the child.
Odd and the child even because we want light gray dark gray light gray.
So remember these are all divs so we'll target.
Let's see we want to go outside of say no we want to be within stats but we want to go outside of the
ally which ends right here.
So right here let's say div.
So for each div I'm actually going to give it some padding.
Let's do three room top and bottom and then we want to grab the end child on and even so we'll do Ampersand
colon and we want the end child pseudo selector.
We want to grab the odds and let's set the background to the light color variable.
Okay.
And then we'll take the Evens I'll just grab this and we'll say even.
And we're gonna set that to the medium color all right.
Let's take a look and there we go.
So that looks pretty good.
So again we have a grid with four columns and we're gonna do the response of this later on four for
smartphones and stuff like that.
All right.
So I think I'm going to stop here in the next video we're gonna get to this part where it's a little
tricky.
We have our icons and then we have this positioned in a way so it kind of overlaps it.
We have a transition.
So we'll do that and also the footer in the next video.